Spy Operation
Can you hear me?
If you can hear my voice, please answer!
Romi! It's the Magic Mirror!
Huh?
Dianaping... is it really you?
Which student is talking during class?
Principal! Romi is playing with a mirror.
She even brought a pet to school!
Animal?! Ppi!
Shh!
Student Romi! Not only are you always late,
but your attitude in the classroom is also very poor!
Whoa! A cockroach!
Teacher! Are you okay? You were very surprised.
Thank you.
Dianaping, what exactly happened?
We were very worried, chu.
There's no time. I don't know when the surveillance will start again...
Surveillance?
What happened to the whereabouts of the Princess Teeniepings I asked you about?
Uh... We already found and caught some of them...
We found Scrubping, Charmingping, Flitterping, Silkyping, and Snowping, chu!
Phew... I'm glad they are all scattered in the town where Princess Romi is.
But Dianaping, do you know where you are trapped right now, chu?
I don't know. I can't step a single foot outside of the mirror.
Only... I could vaguely see something like a glass window behind Eclipseping...
Judging by that color... This place must be in the Dark Forest...
Dark Forest? I think I've heard of it before, chu?
Oh no, the frequency...
What's wrong?
I'll contact you again later. The Magic Mirror can communicate at any time...
Dianaping! You contacted the outside world again while I briefly took my eyes off you, didn't you?
No, I didn't do anything...
Liar! I know everything you could possibly think of.
Then stop this foolish act immediately!
Shut up! I don't want to hear your words!
The Dark Forest was once a beautiful forest located north of the Illusion Mountains,
and it's where the castle where the Legend Teenieping lives is located.
If it's a Legend Teenieping...
Anyway, since we know where it is, let's go save her now!
You cannot.
Why?
The current Dark Forest is so covered in thick fog that you can't tell if it's day or night, so it's very dangerous.
Then are you saying we can't save her even though we know where Dianaping is?
Hmm... There is one way...
Please wait. I've called the kingdom's best spy.
Happying!
It's been a while, happi!
Happying, departing!
Altitude 20,000 feet, speed no abnormalities, happi!
Uh? What is this, happi!
I can't resist sweet things, posil...
Fluffyping? Why are you here, happi?!
Hi Happying~
What are you doing here instead of the Dessert Village, happi?
I fell asleep while eating a donut earlier...
Wow~
Whoa! Where is this?
Waaah! This isn't the Dessert Village!
What should I do, posil?
We can't turn back, what do we do about this...
Your Majesty.
What is it?
A suspicious flying object is flying towards the castle.
How dare they! I will not let anyone into my castle!
Nihil Nihiles! Nihil Nihilera!
Wh-what?
Why a sudden lightning, posil!
Tsk, have we been spotted? Hold on tight!
Good.
We have to escape right now, happi!
Going!
We lived, posil...
This is the forest leading to the Mirror Castle!
You wait here until I come back, happi!
B-but... Happying, let's go together, posil!
It's too scary here, posil...
That is the Mirror Castle. It's too much for you to climb up, so this time, really wait here, happi!
Posil!
You, how did you...
Secret! I can handle myself too, posil!
If you say so...
No Fluffyping!
I lived, posil...
Where is this... That's...
Happying! Happying! Happying!
Who is this? The owner of this castle?
What? It's just a mirror. Who is it? If you don't come out right now, I'll shoot, happi!
Violence is bad. I surrender, so please forgive me.
You are the Magic Mirror! Where on earth did you hide Dianaping!
H-Here!
Liar! That's Dianaping?!
You fell for it. To think the uninvited guest who broke into my castle was after Dianaping!
You are Eclipseping!
You're a Teenieping I've never seen before. Isn't it polite to introduce yourself if you enter someone else's castle?
I am Happying of the Emotion Kingdom! I will take Dianaping with me!
Try it if you can!
Quite fast.
For a kingdom's spy, you're lackluster. Is this all you've got?
What exactly did you do to Dianaping?!
You don't need to know!
I'm fine, so run away!
Shut up! I'll lock you in the mirror too! Nihil Nihilera!
Nihil Nihil Nihilera!
Happying, are you okay posil?
Happying, I'm here posil!
I saw from the hallway, that's the only place we can escape posil! Come on, hurry!
But Dianaping...
They got away!
Are you hurt anywhere?
Of course not! Wait, since when was this scratch here?
Well... I didn't know. When did this happen?
Thank you Fluffyping. I survived thanks to you.
I'm sorry for being a burden to you posil...
Since we've grasped the location of the castle, we must prepare properly and definitely save Dianaping next time.
Yeah! Right posil!
I can't tell where we are anymore posil.
Eclipseping, she's a scary opponent. Let's go back Fluffyping.
I won't leave them alone!